Don't assign Toggle Toolbars keyboard shortcut by default (#22424)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Improved: [#22352] The object selection window now groups relevant object tabs together.
- Improved: [#22357] Error messages are now themeable and easier to read.
- Improved: [#22361] Add additional colour preset for the Observation Tower.

> - Change: [#12292] The 'Toggle visibility of toolbars' shortcut is no longer assigned by default.

Reviewer: Could you replace these typewriter quotes?

(Note: we should probably amend the CI to check for this.)

Author: ```suggestion
- Change: [#12292] The ‘Toggle visibility of toolbars’ shortcut is no longer assigned by default.
```
